refactor: multires lyrics search to 2.0 (#648)
jina-ai/examples: multires-lyrics-search/README.md

You have two different options here. You can either use the toy-data we provide in this repo, which is quick to index but will give very poor results. Alternatively you can download a larger dataset, which takes longer to index, but you will see better results.  

#### Toy dataset
We have included 1000 songs' lyrics as toy data in [`lyrics-data`](lyrics-data).
This data is ready to use with this example.  

> If you intend to use the toy data, no action isneeded here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to use the toy data, no action is needed here. 
```
